Hi! It's been a while.

This is a pretty big release - the first since November 2022!

All the major changes are included below, in no particular order.

### bass ðŸ¤ Dockerfiles

Bass can now `(docker-build)` Dockerfiles:

```clojure
(use (.git (linux/alpine/git)))

(docker-build git:github/moby/buildkit/ref/master/]
  {:os "linux"})
```

But also, Bass can now be used _in_ a Dockerfile:

```dockerfile
# syntax = basslang/frontend:dev

(use (*dir*/bass/bass.bass))

(def dist
  (bass:dist *dir* "dev" "linux" "amd64"))

(-> (from (linux/alpine)
      ($ cp dist/bass /usr/local/bin/bass))
    (with-entrypoint ["bass"]))
```

This is all incredibly experimental and you'll need bleeding-edge versions of
everything, but it's a fun proof of concept!

In general it's better to integrate with Dockerfiles than to pretend Bass
exists in a world where it has somehow replaced them. It means you can use Bass
anywhere you can use a Dockerfile, and it means you can be downstream of
projects that use Dockerfiles.


### ignore bustas with `(glob)`

You can now `(glob)` thunk and host paths to prevent boring files from busting
caches.

```clojure
(glob *dir* ./**/*.go ./Makefile)
; => <host: .>/?[./**/*.go ./Makefile]

(glob *dir* ./**/*.go ./Makefile ! ./main.go ./std/*.bass)
; => <host: .>/?[./**/*.go ./Makefile ./std/*.bass]![./main.go]
```

This is a pretty huge feature in hindsight since it gives you total control
over when things should rerun.

For example, Bass bundles a shim executable that needs to be built for each
platform. It's slow to build and package, but changes infrequently. I had to
resort to `git` specific trickery to scope its build to its own changes, but
now I can just use `(glob)`!


### it'll be all `(write)`

Bass can now `(write)` to host paths:

```clojure
; write a thunk's output to disk
(write (from (linux/alpine) ($ echo "Hello!"))
       ./hello.txt)

; write a path to disk
(use (.git (linux/alpine/git)))
(write git:github/vito/bass/ref/main/README.md
       *dir*/hello.md)
```

After coming back to Bass I noticed I had a confusing blend of inter-dependent
Bash and Bass scripts in my repo. Lots of Bass scripts expected you to pipe
them to `bass --export` and direct that to disk, so a lot of Bass scripts had a
corresponding Bash script for doing just that.

I was hesitant to allow this before, because I liked the idea of Bass being
"pure" and isolated. But if it means writing less Bash, it seems worth it.

Note that you can only write to host paths that the script has access to, so
Bass scripts are still somewhat "pure" in the sense that they can only write to
explicit inputs. (`*dir*/../` will yell at you.)


### `(publish)` and `(export)` thunks

Bass can now `(publish)` a thunk directly to a container registry, or you can
`(export)` a thunk to create a "virtual" OCI archive path that you can
`(write)` to disk.

```clojure
(def foo
  (from (linux/alpine)
    ($ touch ./foo)))

; publish to Docker Hub at vito/foo:latest
(publish foo "vito/foo:latest")
; => {:repository "docker.io/vito/foo" :tag "latest" :digest "sha256:60f786f7639880846f853388cd668d95f619749b0086b127ad030dd9fc7dd0a3"}

; write an OCI tarball to disk
(write (export foo) *dir*/image.tar)

; read it, because why not?
(next (read (export foo) :tar))
; => <fs>/blobs/
```

Similar to before, adding these allowed me to delete a few Bash scripts and
write more Bass.


### `ENTRYPOINT` & `CMD` gain some respect

Bass now has `(with-entrypoint)` and `(with-default-args)` for configuring a
container image's ENTRYPOINT and CMD.

Now that `(publish)` and `(export)` are directly part of the language, it
seemed only right to also let you configure an `ENTRYPOINT` and `CMD` if you
want to.

Bass will also automatically run the entrypoint for an image if no command is otherwise specified:

```clojure
(linux/hello-world) ; now returns a thunk
(run (linux/hello-world))
```

Up until now, Bass has never respected a container's entrypoint or default
command. You could `(from)` it to hop inside, but you couldn't just, you know,
run it. Now it will in scenarios where running is required and no command is
provided.

This change is backwards compatible. `($)` still doesn't respect entrypoint, so
thunks created using it work similar to Dockerfiles.

To run a command using the entrypoint, use `($$)`:

```clojure
(run (from (linux/alpine/git) ($$ version)))
```


### Dagger runtime: almost prime-time

The Dagger runtime is nearly feature-complete, and Bass will automatically use
it if it detects one available (e.g. in `dagger run`).

* Dagger now has Bass-style services, so now it can run service thunks.

* Dagger can now run thunks loaded from OCI achives. The Buildkit runtime also
  has much better support for these.

* Dagger can now run `insecure!` thunks (i.e. privileged builds).

* Dagger now has a much better secrets implementation.

* Thunk timestamps are now normalized to 1985, just like the Buildkit runtime.

* Cache paths now support synchronization control in both the Dagger and
  Buildkit runtime.

The two remaining feature gaps are TLS and the niche capability to run commands
from cache paths.
