This is the first reproducible release of Bass!

Try downloading one of the attached `.json` files and running the following:

```sh
cat bass.linux-amd64.json | bass --export | tar -xf -
sha256sum bass.linux-amd64.tgz
```

Compare the output to the attached `sha256sums.txt` - it should match!

This feat is accomplished through two major changes.

**First**: Bass now sets all file timestamps in thunk output directories to
`October 26, 1985 @ 1:15AM PST` (continuing the trend from [npm]). This means
[hermetic] thunks now produce the same results no matter when they run, which
is crucial for reproducible builds.

**Second**: I've switched to using Nix to build the images for the thunks that
build Bass itself. This is supported by a new feature: thunks can now use OCI
archive images, built by whatever tool you want! Nix provides the [largest,
most up-to-date software repository][nix-repo-stats] making it great for
building up-to-date, reproducible container images.

Following that, a promise: **Nix will be never required knowledge for using
Bass.** From Bass's perspective, Nix is just another CLI that it can run, and I
happen to want to use it as the project maintainer. Bass and Nix share a lot of
goals, but if I rely on it too much it'll become a crutch, preventing valuable
improvements to Bass itself and increasing the implied "stuff to learn" for
Bass's users, which is an anti-goal.

Anyway - there are a few other features and fixes, so read on for more!

[npm]: https://github.com/npm/cli/commit/58d2aa58d5f9c4db49f57a5f33952b3106778669
[hermetic]: https://bass-lang.org/bassics.html#term-hermetic
[nix-repo-stats]: https://repology.org/repositories/graphs
